editorial pass over S6, S7 (intro) and S7.1 (#57)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models: draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models.md

If an entity takes on two or more different roles, the functions they provide typically reside in isolated environments that are components of the same entity. Examples of such isolated environments include a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE), Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs), as well as other physical or logical protected/isolated/shielded Computing Environments (e.g., embedded Secure Elements (eSE) or Trusted Platform Modules (TPM)). It is useful but not necessary for readers of this document to be familiar with the Concept Data/Message flows as described in {{Section 3.1 of -RATS}} and the definition of Attestation in general as described in {{-RIV}}.

# Scope and Intent

This document outlines common interaction models between RATS roles.
This document illustrates interaction models focusing on conveying Evidence about boot-time integrity from Attesters to Verifiers.

> This document does not exclude application of those interaction models to runtime integrity or the conveyance of other RATS Conceptual Messages.

Author: ```suggestion
This document does not exclude the application of those interaction models to runtime integrity or the conveyance of other RATS Conceptual Messages.
```

This document does not cover every detail about Evidence conveyance.

> Details around Evidence about run-time integrity, for example, are not explicitly highlighted, but the included model descriptions still function as a basis to build corresponding model extensions on.

Author: ```suggestion
While details regarding evidence of run-time integrity are not explicitly highlighted, the provided model descriptions serve as a foundation for developing corresponding model extensions.
```

> While the interaction models in this document(and their sub-variants) are not an exhaustive list of all potential models, they do cover a majority of conveyance models for Conceptual Messages implemented in the Internet.

Author: ```suggestion
While the interaction models described in this document, including their variants, cover many relevant conveyance models for Conceptual Messages implemented on the Internet, they do not represent an exhaustive list of all possible models.
```

This enables interaction models to support the conveyance of proofs of freshness in a way that is useful to Verifiers and their appraisal procedures.

Evidence Protection:

: Evidence MUST be a set of well-formatted and well-protected Claims that an Attester can create and convey to a Verifier in a tamper-evident manner.

# Generic Information Elements

This section describes the essential information elements for the interaction models described in {{interaction-models}}.
These generic information elements may be Conceptual Messages included in the protocol messages or may be added as protocol parameters, depending on the specific solution.

Attestation Key IDs (`attKeyIDs`):

: *optional*

: One or more identifiers associated with corresponding attestation keys (Authentication Secrets) used to protect Evidence Claims produced by Attesting Environments of an Attester.

: While a Verifier may (and typically does) not know an Attesting Environment's Attestation Key, each distinct Attesting Environment has access to a protected capability that includes an Attestation Key.

> Therefore, an Attestation Key ID can also identify an Attesting Environment.

Author: ```suggestion
Therefore, an Attestation Key ID can also identify an Attesting Environment.
If no attestation key identifiers are specified, a local -- depending on the Attester -- default applies.
```
